Hi, Mystery Recapped here.
Today I’m going to explain the second part
of a drama mini series called “Click Bait,”
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
After being found in Curtis’s house and
denying having any kind of relationship with
him, both Sophie and Curtis are brought to
the police station for questioning.
Sophie now sits in front of detective Luca
and Roshan and is being asked about her relationship
with Curtis.
She finally admits that she had an affair
with him six months ago.
Her reason for visiting Curtis was to know
for sure if he killed her husband.
Sophie also reveals that she initiated the
relationship with Curtis and ended it because
he had started to fall in love with her.
Before she leaves, Roshan tells her that if
Curtis is really the culprit, she will have
to testify about her relationship publicly.
Sophie then returns home to Pia, who informs
her that Nick’s workplace has organised
a memorial for him the following day.
The next morning, everyone is in the living
room when Ethan sees the video of Curtis being
arrested.
Sophie tries to stop them from watching it,
but Pia insists they do.
Ethan recognises Curtis as his school teacher
but is confused why he would be arrested.
Pia realises that Curtis’s arrest has to
do something with Sophie.
She takes her aside and asks her if she was
at the police station last night.
It is finally revealed to Pia that Curtis
and Sophie were having an affair.
An enraged Pia reminds Sophie that if Curtis
is the one who killed Nick, it will all be
her fault.
As Pia barges out of the room, we see Ethan
has been listening to their conversation all
along.
Without saying anything, he takes his skateboard
and goes out, in spite of Sophie asking him
to stay home.
She goes out to look for him but is mobbed
by the reporters again.
She somehow manages to get past them and goes
to the park he usually skateboards in.
Sophie doesn’t find Ethan there, but she
notices a woman nearby watching her.
She had seen her earlier at their house as
well.
Sophie calls the woman out for following her.
The nervous lady introduces herself as Emma
Beesly.
To Sophie’s disbelief, she claims to be
dating Nick before his death.
Emma explains that she is from LA, where Nick
used to travel frequently.
They met on a dating app called 2Smitten,
where Nick went by the name Danny Walters.
Sophie doesn’t buy into the woman’s bullshit
at first but begins to believe her when she
mentions they started talking in March, around
the time Nick found out about Sophie cheating
on him.
She curses at Emma, gets inside her car, and
breaks down crying.
Pia calls her, informing her that they have
found Ethan.
Sophie goes to them and asks Ethan to come
home with her.
She also tells Pia about her encounter with
Emma.
Pia looks for the 2Smitten app on her phone
and finds a deactivated profile by the name
Danny Walters.
She assures Sophie that she will find out
if Emma’s story is true.
Then, Pia contacts her computer genius friend
Vince and asks him to find out about Danny
Walters.
Later, the TV shows the news of Curtis being
arrested.
People start to conspire about Curtis’s
relationship with Sophie, and rumours about
their affair start going around.
Sophie asks her family to turn the TV off
and leave for Nick’s workplace for the memorial.
There, Sophie is approached by one of Nick’s
students, Jenny, who vaguely tells her that
Nick was close to a girl in the basketball
team before Matt intervenes and takes Sophie
away.
The memorial starts, and Matt gives a speech.
Sophie gets overwhelmed and walks out.
On her way out, a woman insults her, resulting
in Sophie throwing a glass of water to her
face.
She immediately regrets it and cries as the
others escort her out.
At night, Pia shows her the pictures from
Danny's deactivated profile and confirms that
it was, in fact, Nick’s.
He had been cheating on Sophie for two years.
A heartbroken Sophie cries while holding her
husband’s picture.
In the following scene, we are shown Emma
and Nick together on a bed.
Few days before his disappearance, she received
flowers and balloons from Nick while at work.
The day he disappeared, she found out while
she was at the gym.
Emma already knew Nick was married, but he
had promised to divorce Sophie after Ethan
graduated high school.
Emma followed Nick’s case closely and wanted
to be around people he knew to grieve his
death.
So, she flew to Oakland.
Strangely, though, she claimed to be Nick’s
fiance to get a bereavement discount for the
flight.
That day, when she met Sophie, she had come
to her home to tell her about the affair.
While waiting outside Sophie’s house, a
reporter named Ben Park gives her his card,
assuming she is a reporter as well.
After her encounter with Sophie, Emma comes
back to her hotel room and hallucinates Nick
sitting beside her on the bed.
Emma seems to be losing her mind over him.
The next day, she meets detective Roshan and
tells him whatever she knows about Nick in
hopes of helping the case.
She then goes to Nick’s work and happens
to meet Matt.
She tells him she is just one of Nick’s
friends.
After that, Emma sneaks into Nick’s office
and is found by his co-worker Dawn.
Dawn makes the woman leave, and at the same
time, Pia arrives at the place.
She meets Matt and asks him if he knew about
Nick’s affair since he accompanied Nick
to his LA trip several times.
However, Matt seems to know nothing about
the matter.
Meanwhile, at home, Sophie is looking at casket
options for Nick when she gets a message from
an unknown number calling her names.
Soon, she begins receiving several such messages.
Someone had leaked her phone number and credit
card details online.
Then, Pia goes to meet Emma in her hotel room.
Emma is surprised but happy to see Nick’s
sister.
Pia asks her if whatever she is saying is
true.
Instead of answering, Emma says that Nick
told her about his and Pia’s relationship.
She knows that they went through some stuff
together as kids that brought them closer
than ever.
Hearing this, Pia believes that Emma was,
in fact in contact with Nick.
She gives Emma her number for any emergencies
and leaves.
At night when everyone is at home, Sophie’s
mother Ruby and Nick’s mother Andrea get
into an argument after Andrea insults Sophie
for cheating.
The situation in the family is grim.
At the same time, Emma receives a call from
a man who threatens her to go back to LA as
soon as possible, leaving Nick’s family
behind.
Emma freaks out after the call and drives
away from the hotel in her car.
She calls Pia in panic and leaves her a voicemail.
Soon, she realises that she is being followed.
The car swerves, crashing her car off the
road.
Later, Emma is in the hospital talking to
Roshan about the encounter.
Roshan now believes that Nick’s murder has
to do something with Emma, and the person
who called her was probably the perpetrator.
Pia arrives at the hospital and listens to
Emma’s story.
When Pia and Roshan are alone, Roshan informs
her that they have found three other dating
profiles that were Nick’s.
The pattern shows that he created profiles
on different sights and talked to a different
girl in all of them.
Eventually, after they broke up, he deleted
the profiles.
Pia lays on this information to Emma, thinking
she deserves to know it.
She also reveals that one of the girls Nick
talked to is named Mandy Harrison, an artist
based in LA.
When Emma returns back to LA, she looks for
Mandy’s socials and asks her to meet.
The two talk to each other and find out that
Nick had said the exact same thing to them.
But Mandy had looked through his lies and
broken up with him while Emma believed him.
Mandy had also made a painting of Nick, which
Emma buys from her.
She feels betrayed by Nick and burns the painting
in frustration.
She also calls the reporter Ben Park and agrees
to do an interview with him as Nick’s girlfriend
outside marriage.
In the interview, she suggests that Nick abused
her emotionally, so the things written on
the cards might just be true.
If the interview is broadcasted, Nick’s
reputation will go downhill quickly.
Ben is overjoyed to be able to land such an
important interview.
His boss asks him to find out about other
women who were involved with Nick online.
Later, Ben gets an idea to visit the Brewers’
home to tell them about Emma’s interview
and manipulate Sophie into giving an interview
in order to save Ben’s reputation.
He poses as a deliveryman and enters the house
while recording with his phone.
Pia soon finds him and threatens to call the
police.
He tells them about Emma’s interview and
leaves his card on the floor for them to contact
him.
Later, Ben is at his home with his boyfriend,
Cameron.
He goes into several dating apps to look for
more of Nick’s profiles, if there are any.
Cameron helps him to search for the profiles.
Meanwhile, Pia calls Roshan home and tells
him about Emma’s interview, only to be told
that the police cannot do anything because
Emma didn’t break the law by talking to
the reporters.
In fact, since the perpetrator doesn’t want
Emma to come forward with her story, the interview
might help them catch him in case he makes
a wrong move.
Pia is angered to know that the police are
treating her brother’s reputation as collateral
damage.
At night, Ben is on the internet, looking
up comments on Nick’s posts.
One comment, in particular, catches his attention.
The comment is written by a girl named Jenny,
who approached Sophie during the memorial.
She fights the people who defend Nick, calling
his supporters losers.
The very next day, Ben goes to meet her and
asks her if she had a feud with Nick.
Jenny hesitantly tells him to talk to another
team member named Tara Wilson.
Jenny had heard Nick fighting with Tara over
something a while back.
After talking to Jenny, Ben goes to a restaurant
where Tara waitresses and asks her about Ben.
However, Tara dismisses them, saying that
it is nothing important.
When Ben returns to the office later, he is
surprised to find out that Sophie has agreed
to do an interview with them before they broadcast
Emma’s interview, so the narrative could
change a little.
However, Ben’s boss removes him from the
case for trespassing the Brewers’ home and
puts another employee in for the interview.
Distressed at the fact, Ben returns home only
to find that Cameron has somehow managed to
find one of Nick’s dating profiles that
had been unknown until then.
Nick’s name is Jeremy Wilkerson in the app.
They have the profile, but they have to gain
access to it somehow.
Cameron suggests they pay someone to hack
it on the dark web.
The two manage to get access to his personal
information, including the number of messages
he has sent to women.
They see that most messages have been sent
to a woman named Maggie Oxley from Sacramento.
While trying to look for the girl online,
they do not find her socials, but they are
able to find a bookstore on her profile picture.
Without wasting much time, the two drive to
Sacramento the following day.
The bookstore manager reveals that Maggie
is actually a cat.
When shown the picture from the profile, he
recognises the woman as Sarah Burton, a woman
who killed herself four months ago.
The couple is shocked to hear the information.
They go through Sarah’s socials and find
out where her brother Simon lives.
Cameron suggests they just hand the information
to the police, but Ben is excited to do the
research on his own.
Cameron is still sceptical about the plan
but drives Ben to Simon’s house anyway.
He stays outside in the car as Ben goes in
to talk to him.
Ben knocks on the apartment door, but no one
answers.
But he doesn't give up and looks under the
doormat to find a key.
He sneaks into Simon’s apartment and snoops
around for any clue that relates to Sarah.
He finds a box under the bed which has Sarah’s
stuff inside, including her phone.
Meanwhile, Cameron sees Simon getting inside
the apartment building and calls Ben to alert
him.
Simon comes inside the apartment and starts
to smoke as Ben sneaks out behind him.
Cameron hears the noise and chases after Ben.
But Ben and Cameron manage to get away before
the man can catch them.
Cameron is furious at Ben for treating the
case as a game and doing illegal things, so
Ben doesn’t tell him about the phone he
stole.
At night, Ben retrieves data from Sarah’s
phone and successfully finds the messages
between her and Nick.
In the messages, Sarah seems to be in a severely
bad mental condition.
She even threatens Nick that she will kill
herself, but Nick is nonchalant to her problems.
Ben realises that Sarah killed herself because
of Nick.
The following day, he brings all the evidence
to his boss and asks her to let him interview
Sophie.
Meanwhile, Sophie is nervous about the interview.
Pia comforts her and tells her that it will
be fine.
Sophie’s attorney helps her with the answers
to the questions she will potentially be asked
while they drive to the interview.
At the same time, Ben is also preparing for
it.
For the first few minutes, the interview goes
as planned.
Ben asks her several questions about her affair
and Nick’s character, and Sophie answers
them all truthfully.
Then, he mentions Sarah’s death which throws
Sophie off guard.
She claims that she doesn’t know what he
is talking about, but Ben shows her the final
conversations between Nick and Sarah, which
prompted Sarah to commit suicide.
Sophie panics and walks out of the interview
giving the people more to talk about.
Later, they are at home when the interview
is aired on television.
The last few messages between Nick and Sarah
are even enacted as a phone call to make it
seem more personal.
The detectives are furious as to how they
didn’t know about Sarah.
Sarah’s brother Simon also watches the interview
in anger.
The scene then changes to six months earlier.
Simon, who works for a tech company, sees
his sister swooning over a man she is dating
online.
He asks her to be careful at first but then
approves of their relationship after seeing
how happy the guy makes her.
She had been suicidal for a very long time,
but after talking to Jeremy, she has started
doing the things she enjoys again.
However, when Simon visits her some weeks
later, she is in the worst mental condition
she has ever been in.
Simon asks her why she hasn't been to work
for over a week when she reveals that Jeremy
is actually married to someone.
She breaks down crying, saying that she doesn’t
want to live anymore while Simon comforts
her.
A few days later, Simon is with his friend
Darryl at work when he gets a call from Sarah.
She cries hysterically while apologising to
him.
Simon figures out something is terribly wrong
and runs to her apartment, only to find her
dead.
Back in the present, Simon is at work when
detective Roshan visits him.
Simon composes himself and greets the detective.
Roshan asks him if Sarah revealed the nature
of her relationship with Nick, but Simon lies
and says she didn’t.
When asked where he was the day Nick was kidnapped,
Simon tells him that he was fishing in the
Russian River with his friend Darryl.
Roshan asks for Darryl’s number and leaves
after.
Right after the meeting, Simon texts Darryl
asking him not to answer his phone if someone
calls him.
At the same time, Roshan gets a call from
Pia, who demands to know if he is doing something
about the case.
Roshan tells her he is in Sacramento to speak
with Simon and hangs up.
After the call, Pia notices Nick’s pictures
from around the house inside a box.
She goes to the room where everyone is enjoying
a family dinner and asks who took the pictures
off the wall.
Sophie admits to taking them down because
she is ashamed to be Nick’s wife.
The two step aside into a room where Pia says
that the text messages didn’t sound like
Nick wrote them.
However, Sophie claims it will be easier if
they accept the fact and move on.
Pia takes the last picture off the wall and
goes to her house.
Meanwhile, back in Sacramento, Simon calls
Darryl to his apartment and teaches him what
he should say while being interrogated.
Darryl freaks out and talks about turning
Simon in.
At last, Simon threatens Darryl to go with
the story, clearly hiding something.
Subscribe for more videos like this, turn
on notifications, and leave a like to help
the channel out.
Thank you for watching.